outline.md, before:

The purpose of this document is the hold the supplementary and planning material related to the content of this Oriole.

# Goals

This Oriole is the first in a series of four introducing InnerSource.
These Orioles should be the focal point and shared context of the current public conversation around InnerSource.
In order to acheive that goal, this Oriole must provide:

* Compelling and clear definitions around 5 key terms:
    * Host (team)
    * Guest (team)
    * Trusted Committer
    * Product Owner
    * Contributor
* Guardrails for the minimum viable attributes of InnerSource:
    * Voluntary Code Contribution
    * Prioritized Mentorship
* Interest and anticipation for viewers to watch the remaining Orioles

*Note: Other planning documents for this Oriole had a clear emphasis on staving off misconceptions around InnerSource via calling them out directly.
While reining in misconceptions is also an intended result of this proposal, here we do so by leading with a strong presentation of what is essential to InnerSource.
It follows that anything lacking an essential is not InnerSource.
We may then call out a few prominent misconceptions by comparing them to the clear backdrop of InnerSource essentials that we've defined.*

# Audience

The audience for this Oriole is anyone that has heard of InnerSource.

# Outline

## Introduction
Introduce the topic, why it’s important, and what the viewer will learn in this Oriole.

## Justification
Share a hypothetical (yet believable) example situation that illustrates the difficulties today in the off-the-shelf process of collaborating across organizational silos.
This given situation will be the basis to-which we refer throughout the Oriole, most notably when introducing the 5 key terms and heading off misconceptions about InnerSource.

## Solution
Show how the players in the example situation can collaborate via InnerSource to overcome their difficulty.
Explain the benefits of this approach.
While giving this explanation, naturally include clear definitions of the 5 key terms and also wording specifically designed to dispel misconceptions about InnerSource.

## Further Explanation
Delve into some “gotchas” and more nuanced points about the InnerSource process.
Consider strategic use of short and compelling anecdotes to cement key parts of the message further.
Trend towards including material in this section that further dispels InnerSource misconceptions and also sets the stage for the upcoming Orioles.

## Conclusion
Review the key points of this Oriole and tee up viewers to look for the next Orioles.

# References

This proposal is a blend of material and purposes from the following, existing presentations.
I believe it holds true to the aims and teachings of them all.

* Existing Oriole proposal
* Danese/Duane Chennai presentation
* Danese InnerSource presentation at Nike
* Danese/Russ combined presentation at Nike

Commit message:

Add note about InnerSource as 'new Agile'

outline.md, after:

The purpose of this document is the hold the supplementary and planning material related to the content of this Oriole.

# Goals

This Oriole is the first in a series of four introducing InnerSource.
These Orioles should be the focal point and shared context of the current public conversation around InnerSource.
In order to acheive that goal, this Oriole must provide:

* Compelling and clear definitions around 5 key terms:
    * Host (team)
    * Guest (team)
    * Trusted Committer
    * Product Owner
    * Contributor
* Guardrails for the minimum viable attributes of InnerSource:
    * Voluntary Code Contribution
    * Prioritized Mentorship
* Interest and anticipation for viewers to watch the remaining Orioles

*Note: Other planning documents for this Oriole had a clear emphasis on staving off misconceptions around InnerSource via calling them out directly.
While reining in misconceptions is also an intended result of this proposal, here we do so by leading with a strong presentation of what is essential to InnerSource.
It follows that anything lacking an essential is not InnerSource.
We may then call out a few prominent misconceptions by comparing them to the clear backdrop of InnerSource essentials that we've defined.*

*Another Note: One misconception called out in those other planning documents is that InnerSource is not a "new Agile".
While true, I think that misconception came into play due to PayPal-specific context that will not necessarily be shared by the general audience of this Oriole.
Thus, this outline does not propose including material to refute the "new Agile" misconception.*

# Audience

The audience for this Oriole is anyone that has heard of InnerSource.

# Outline

## Introduction
Introduce the topic, why it’s important, and what the viewer will learn in this Oriole.

## Justification
Share a hypothetical (yet believable) example situation that illustrates the difficulties today in the off-the-shelf process of collaborating across organizational silos.
This given situation will be the basis to-which we refer throughout the Oriole, most notably when introducing the 5 key terms and heading off misconceptions about InnerSource.

## Solution
Show how the players in the example situation can collaborate via InnerSource to overcome their difficulty.
Explain the benefits of this approach.
While giving this explanation, naturally include clear definitions of the 5 key terms and also wording specifically designed to dispel misconceptions about InnerSource.

## Further Explanation
Delve into some “gotchas” and more nuanced points about the InnerSource process.
Consider strategic use of short and compelling anecdotes to cement key parts of the message further.
Trend towards including material in this section that further dispels InnerSource misconceptions and also sets the stage for the upcoming Orioles.

## Conclusion
Review the key points of this Oriole and tee up viewers to look for the next Orioles.

# References

This proposal is a blend of material and purposes from the following, existing presentations.
I believe it holds true to the aims and teachings of them all.

* Existing Oriole proposal
* Danese/Duane Chennai presentation
* Danese InnerSource presentation at Nike
* Danese/Russ combined presentation at Nike
